Support streaming in juggle.py (#20982)
commaai/openpilot: tools/plotjuggler/README.md

optional arguments:
  -h, --help         show this help message and exit
  --qlog             Use qlogs (default: False)
  --can              Parse CAN data (default: False)
  --stream           Start PlotJuggler without a route to stream data using Cereal (default: False)
  --layout [LAYOUT]  Run PlotJuggler with a pre-defined layout (default: None)
```

Example:

`./juggle.py "0982d79ebb0de295|2021-01-17--17-13-08"`

### Streaming

> To get started exploring and plotting data live in your car, you can start PlotJuggler in streaming mode via the command `./juggle.py --stream`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get started exploring and plotting data live in your car, you can start PlotJuggler in streaming mode: `./juggle.py --stream`.
```

For this to work, you'll need a few things:

> - Start a Wi-Fi hotspot on your comma two and connect your laptop to it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Enable tethering on your comma device and connect your laptop
```

> - Run `export ZMQ=` which tells the streaming plugin backend to use ZMQ. If you're streaming locally, you can omit this step as ZMQ is used to transport data over the network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Run `export ZMQ=1` which tells the streaming plugin backend to use ZMQ. If you're streaming locally, you can omit this step as ZMQ is used to transport data over the network.
```

- Most importantly: openpilot by default uses the MSGQ backend, so you'll need to [ssh into your device](https://github.com/commaai/openpilot/wiki/SSH) and run bridge. This simply re-broadcasts each message over ZMQ: `./cereal/messaging/bridge`

Now start PlotJuggler using the above `juggle.py` command, and find the `Cereal Subscriber` plugin in the dropdown under Streaming. Click Start and enter the IP address of the comma two. You should now be seeing all the messages for each [service in openpilot](https://github.com/commaai/cereal/blob/master/services.py) received live from your car!

> ## Demo:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Demo
```
